[R4R] Fix missing context parameter in proxy (#3670)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

  * `Mempool#Update` and `BlockExecutor#Commit` now accept
    `[]*abci.ResponseDeliverTx` - list of `DeliverTx` responses, which should
    match `block.Txs`

> - [rpc] \#3669 Handlers in proxy routes miss context parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [rpc] \#3669 Add context parameter to Handlers in proxy routes (@yutianwu)
```

Author: thx, updated
